Basic entity sync documentation (#201)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/networking/entities.md

Entities
========

In addition to regular network messages, there are various other systems provided to handle synchronizing entity data.

Spawn Data
----------

In general, the spawning of modded entities is handled seperately, by Forge.

!!! note
    This means that simply extending a vanilla entity class may not inherit all its behaviour here. You may need to implement certain vanilla behaviours yourself.

You can add extra data to the spawn packet Forge sends by implementing the following interfaces.

### IEntityAdditionalSpawnData

> If your entity has data that is needed on the client, but doesn't change over time, then it can be added to the entity spawn packet using this interface. `writeSpawnData` and `readSpawnData` control how the data should be en/decoded to/from the network buffer, in a similar fashion to the `toBytes`/`fromBytes` methods in `IMessage`.

Reviewer: maybe add parentheses to the method names so it's clear that it's a method and not a field
```suggestion
If your entity has data that is needed on the client, but doesn't change over time, then it can be added to the entity spawn packet using this interface. `IEntityAdditionalSpawnData#writeSpawnData()` and `IEntityAdditionalSpawnData#readSpawnData()` control how the data should be en/decoded to/from the network buffer, in a similar fashion to the `IMessage#toBytes()`/`IMessagefromBytes()` methods.
```

### IThrowableEntity

This is for "projectile" type entities. Implementing this interface will cause the ID of the "source" entity, as well as the initial velocity, to be sent to the client with the spawn packet.

Dynamic Data
------------

### Data Parameters

This is the main vanilla system for synchronizing entity data from the server to the client. As such, a number of vanilla examples are available to refer to.

> Firstly you need a `DataParameter` for the data you wish to keep synchronized. This should be stored as a static final field in your entity class, obtained by calling `EntityDataManager.createKey()` and passing the entity class and a serializer for that type of data. The available serializer implementations can be found as static constants within the `DataSerializers` class.

Reviewer: add generics
```suggestion
Firstly you need a `DataParameter<?>` for the data you wish to keep synchronized. This should be stored as a static final field in your entity class, obtained by calling `EntityDataManager.createKey()` and passing the entity class and a serializer for that type of data. The available serializer implementations can be found as static constants within the `DataSerializers` class.
```
